So what I need you to do is, so when someone creates a task, so the only way you can view a person's public profile is when the person posts a task. So, you know, the person becomes publicly viewable. When you post a task, there's the, you know, the profile section which you already created like, you know, posted by this particular person, you know, the rating, and also, do not show a rating if the person doesn't actually have a rating by an existing user. So make sure that all those things, like, you cannot have a review without having done anything, you understand? You cannot have, uh, you cannot have all those things like verification if you have not actually been verified. All those important, important details. You cannot have something that is not there until it has actually been added. If you're not verified, this one, you're not, you understand. So, um, So let me explain the process of creating tasks and all that. So basically when you enter the whole auction dashboard, you land in the home page, you understand? So it's either you search for a particular service or you post a task. So if there are no available services or let's say you decided to post a task and, you know, you completed the whole depositing of the money and everything and it enters the whole escrow system. So uh So what happens is, uh, when you create that particular task, the money goes, when you create a task, that money, you know, there are different ways you can, uh... Create a tax, it exposes the money you use to create a tax post. Let's say for instance now, you create a tax with 5,000 Naira. So when you create a tax, either you fund the tax or you create a tax with, sorry, you fund the tax post with the wallet balance of your account, or you fund using bank transfer or card. Instead, you can actually, you know, deposit during the process of creating a tax, or you can deposit directly into your account for like future tax post creation. You understand? So in case I want to post a tax today, I don't need to start going through the process of depositing money. So that's where funding from wallet comes in, you understand, because you already have money there. Do you understand what I'm saying? So if I, if I have 15,000 Naira there and I create a tax post with 5,000, I should be left with uh um 10,000 Naira, right? So after creating a tax post, my account will be publicly publicly viewable and um I will be able to uh and people will be able to like view my public profile. Now my public profile must contain all the information they need to know about me, you understand? Uh, you know, when I joined, all those type of information. So, um, you know, the very, very important information about the person that posted that, you know, stuff. Their personal details, you don't need to reveal like phone number and the rest. So the only way you can contact the person that posted the tax is if you accept the offer. And when when you view a tax post, when you come to like find tax page, which is pointed out when you see a particular tax and you're like, okay, let me view the detail and view the detail of the tax, the tax must. they properly, you know, show you everything you need to know about that particular task and, you know, the urgency level, everything. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, um, and so when you click offer, you know, you, you know, you submit your offer, let the request and know why you're a good fit to help. So, you know, you click. Now during this process, you can also, you know, it's either you accept the amount the person puts there, or you can, you know, click a suggest button and suggest a price increase, you understand? You could just suggest like, instead of, you know, accepting it for 5,000, you could say you're gonna do this for 6,000 Naira instead of 5,000. Now it's up to the person that posted that task to, you know, accept your suggestion because the person will be notified, you know, so that's where all these things come in. So another thing is every activity that happens, the user must be notified. So if someone clicks offer or suggest, you'll be notified in the, in the notification center in the profile place and also in the notification icon above in the, you know, at the top of the, you know, application. So all the notification centers must work and must, you know, be constantly updated with whatever activity, you understand. So, um. So, also, um, the, yeah, so you can suggest a price increase, let's say, 8,000 Naira plus or 5,500, you understand? So it just depends on, you know, how much you're willing to deliver for. So it's either you accept the offer directly or you suggest a price increase and you, and you also write the reasons why you're suggesting this price increase, you understand? So if the person that posted the task now, like, Say, like, decline the price increase, like maybe you click a button that says, no, I'm sticking with, like, you know, if you click a button, that button automatically sends an automated message that says, you know, no, I'm sticking with this price. Like, it's either you accept it or not, but, you know, you must make it as polite as possible. So, you know, so the person can know that, oh, the person is not accepting anything like price increases. Either the person takes the job or not, or the person takes the job. So it's now down for the person to accept offer. So when the person, like, wants to accept the offer, the person types, why it is a good fit for the job. Well, that process will have been before that, so, you know, that would be like the final thing. I'm very sure you get what I'm saying in that aspect. If you have any questions, please ask me. And, um, so, also, the person's profile picture must be shown publicly, like if a person has a profile picture, it must be shown publicly, you know, and then every profile picture must be unique to, every profile picture must be unique to the, uh, account owner. Like, when you create a particular account, it creates your own account section. Like, you have your own unique, you know, account. You know what an account is, right? So you cannot, I'm trying to, I'm trying to, I'm kind of noticing like a mistake here, whereby you, I'm seeing a particular profile picture that is one another account I created. Like I see if that one profile picture is now showing everywhere in Instagram, which is wrong. So when you click, you know, the person's public profile, you see the person's profile and all that. So, um, also in the user profile section, you know, the drop-down menu, you see profile and dashboard. So in the my profile page, This must be very detailed, like very, very, very, very detailed, you know. The personal information section must work. That one, that personal information, it must have its own personal page too. So when you click personal information, it must show you everything about the person, you know, your, your, you know, everything about personal information, you know, phone number, whatever, whatever that, you know what I mean by that. So this verification status too must work, you know, get verified, do this, do that. If you're not verified, don't be verified until you've gone through that process before it will show verified sign or something. And also, yes, the public profile view must also, must also note that if the person is verified, it must show there too, that, oh, this person is actually verified. So when you click it, you know, oh, this person is verified, this person is not verified, that kind of thing. So I had like a banner section, so the whole interface here is good. So like just create like a, just something for a banner. I don't know how to really put it, but I don't know if a banner is really necessary, but yes, you can add a banner. Let's add a banner, you know, a banner. You know, a banner just very, very, you know, just doesn't take too much space. Just a simple banner. So, um, and please, when I was mentioning and I told you to always put in consideration the mobile view, I was not telling you that. You should convert it to mobile. What I want is when you're viewing it on PC, it must arrange itself in a way that it is, you know, PC-friendly. And when it's being viewed on mobile, it must be able to arrange, like it's as if you're having two different types of like interfaces, you understand, but the same content, for example, different like positioning or something, just to make it...