And so, I was only thinking, is there a way to like, you know, just to make it look a bit more fancier? Is it possible that anytime the navigation gets to a particular page section and maybe the section has a particular color, you understand? Let's say, for instance, when you, you know, land on the page, yes, and you're seeing the, you know, transparent, no solid color header, you know, but when you're scrolling throughout the whole hero section, it's still transparent, you understand? Because the whole hero section is, it has a dark, a black, a dark, not black, sorry, a darker like, you know, it does not bright, it doesn't have any bright color. So all I was thinking is, anytime that header maybe meets a text or maybe meets a particular section, sorry, a section or a particular section that, that has a particular color like a white color, now, the stuff should like, I don't know, maybe automatically change to a solid color so it's everything is viewable, you understand? So when it comes to another page or something where it is, it is, it's transparent background can, you know, can be visible, you know, maybe on another color, maybe a darker page or something, I don't know how to put it, but I don't know if you understand what I'm saying, but let's just, what we're gonna do is just simple. We're not gonna do all the stress, all those ones are like super stressed. What we're gonna do is try out moving the navigation from hero section down from the, you know, from the landing page. Immediately you get to the landing page, you know, and you scroll the page, you understand? So the header, you know, is moving, moving, moving, and immediately it gets to the second section, you know, where you have the tasks completed, verify helpers, you know, 4.9 rating, paid to be an plus, so when it gets to that page, it automatically, you know, changes to a solid color, the normal look it usually have, you know, that's what I'm thinking. So I don't know, this, this, you know, you're the one with the brains here, so what do you think?