Hey, please, the header evolved on it's malfunctioning. The text don't show up properly immediately I land on the page. Like, what I was asking you to do was when you land on the page, right, you don't see a header. You get it? You're not meant to see, you're not meant to see the header, like that solid color of the header. Like, you know, where you see this white, you know, let me, I've marked it for you, the navigation. See the navigation. Then navigation thing, like the white that is on, like that white, you know, background of white overlay, whatever they call it. Like, it's not meant to show, like, it's just meant to show the whole hero section is meant to like, you know, flow in those other sides. So like the other side is like as if there's no color, it's just transparent inside. So it is only reflecting the, you know, image in the background or something like that. I don't know if you get what I'm saying, but it's a particular way it works. So the thing is, when I scroll, right, when I scroll to a particular page, let's say I scroll to the next section and the next section's background is white. What happens is that stuff automatically changes to a solid color, you understand? Like immediately, immediately I leave, immediately I leave the homepage. Sorry, immediately I leave, I scroll past the hero section. Immediately I scroll past the hero section, the, the header navigation must come back to the original, you know, look, which is the solid white, you know, color, right? It's the color there, the solid white where the, you know, icons and the, you know, text sits on, buttons sit on, I guess. So I don't know if you get my point, but tell me what you understand.




Yes, exactly. So I see, right now, there's one another problem. What you did, you know, but you did a particular change before whereby you adjusted some things. But what happened was, now, I can't even see, when immediately I load the page, right, I'm meant to, like, you know, I'm landing on the, I get to the landing page, right? You understand? So I'm meant to see the text, the, the text and buttons and all that thing, you understand, like, you know, discover or whatever is usually there. But I'm not seeing it. Like, they're not visible. It's not visible. Do you get it? It's not visible at all. It's not visible, and it's meant to be visible without, you understand? So you need to really fix that. You made a mistake in that part because it's a slightly accepted. So what you do for me is you're going to check the whole thing again, so you would understand what is visible, what is not visible. Take a screenshot of the, you know, the page. Before doing anything, you're gonna take a screenshot of the uh of the page, you understand, and see what's there, see what's not visible, and all that kind of thing so you know what to correct and what not to correct, what works and what is not working, what is the error, what is not the error. Do you understand? So, um, So, uh, yeah, that's, that's for that. And sorry, one last thing is, I want you to increase the euro section, like this. Um, I don't know, let me see. No, leave the euro section the way it is. Don't touch the euro sections. Sorry, just ignore what I said there. Just attend to what I said you should attend to.