So, I want you to also pay attention to these few things. Now, what other, in addition to those things you, you know, plan to implement and change, I want you to also take note that the, in the hero section, you know, the whole image and the, you know, the whole hero section, so notice a particular text that says and find the right help for, note that from that text down below, what I want you to do is like, I feel like the gap between that text and the header is too close, like there's no enough spacing there. There should be like enough spacing, like, you know, push the texts and the rest down a little bit, like just a little, not too much, just a little slight bit. You understand? And also, I need you to, um, the, this section, which is ready to get things done, which is the second to the last section before the footer, the second to the last section is, the, it looks like it's too spacious, like too wide. Like narrow the width, like narrow it a little bit, like it's, it's too, like I don't know if it's horizontally, it is too long. Vertically, it is fine, you understand? Horizontally, it is too long. Or is it vertical? I don't even know which one it is, but I don't know, I think you should get what I'm trying to say. Like, Sorry, vertically, it is too long, and the length is too long. So reduce it, shorten it, and if possible, do like, I don't know, just shorten it, shorten it, and if possible, reduce the size of the button or whatever. Just reduce it, you understand? So basically, it's a Nigerian platform, right? In the future, we'll now think of scaling. That's in the future, right? So I need you to work the Google authentication and Apple authentication. Like, I'm not talking about KYC. I'm talking about like Google login. Use Google to login. Use Apple to login. That's what I'm talking about. Like the Google, use Google to sign up, use Apple to sign up. Use those two things. I want them to work. Ask me whatever you require to get them working. Maybe you require maybe an API or a key or whatever. Just tell me what you need, you understand? Make sure you explain what you need properly to me. Explain to me, oh, you need this, you need that. How this is how I'm gonna get it. This is how I'm not gonna get it. So make sure everything is detailed, you understand? So also, let me tell you some other things, some other things you can improve, you know? Like I said, the font, you're also gonna do that. Everything is looking good. And the next thing we're gonna be working on is our profile section, right? So in our profile section, there's this... There's this part that's, you know, where the deposit and withdraw is. We're going to have to work on that to, you're gonna ask me, okay, let's, you know, leave those ones out. Leave those, leave the, this last part I talked about, this profile section, just ignore it and let's focus on the others, you understand? So create the task list. Make sure your task list, task list is about, I don't know, 50 things, you understand? The reason I feel it should be 50 is because the longer the list, the easier it is for you to tackle different things, so you don't miss out on a particular thing you're meant to do, you understand? So, yeah, that's basically all. That's basically all.