All right, right now I've uploaded three images. Now, what I want you to do is carefully check these images, every section, every part, every design, every div, every image, and the interface in general. So what you're gonna do is you're going to look at the first image, right? You'll scan it, you'll look at possible design or style that you can pick from it. For example, the first image is like an Amazon site. So that first image, if you check it, you'll see the header. Now the header or the header in the image rather, like the way the search bar is, the language settings, and all that stuff. You know, first of all, you need to understand what HelpChain actually provides, what HelpChain is, so you understand, so when you're designing it, you know how the feature that is not necessary for HelpChain into it. Do you understand? So you're just meant to learn how the whole thing looks, you understand? I know that some of this interface I put is for Mac, right, but doesn't mean you cannot learn something from it. Do you get? So that is for that. And second one is looking, you see in the interface, the way the images are, the settings, the feel, the design, the heading, everything looks good, you understand? So you can learn, pick something from there, you know. Just pick one or two things, see the way it looks, that kind of thing. The last one I showed like a landing page, but I want my own to be like far better than this because this one is looking kind of too somehow, but it looks okay though, but not as good as what I would want. I'm not sure you can actually generate it, but I'm pretty sure you can because I heard WebKit is good with some kind of animations. So you can probably have a professional animation. Do you understand? So I was also even thinking of like adding a mascot for help chain. I don't know if that makes sense. We could discuss that later. You can just ask me a question about it now after this message I'm sending to you, you can just ask me a question like how we could possibly integrate like an like a mascot, but the mascot, you must remember it must be consistent around all the websites, do you understand? Like every page, every single site, the mascots must be consistent. It must be the same entire one. So yeah, I think that is basically it. So the same thing, if you just learn, okay, pick one or two ideas from there, you know, your main aim is to make it far better than what it already is. You're not going to disrupt it. You're not going to spoil it. You're just going to pick different, different tiny, tiny, little features that make sense. Maybe you need to browse and maybe go and check online to read information about how to make the best possible website, how to make, you know, you understand, like, so to give you some tips and tricks to like integrate when you are building a particular website, especially this particular type of website called Helpchain, right? So, yeah.