continue. but don't forget 

Lovable, do not forget that when you are redesigning all of these things, eh, you are meant to use these reference images. Now, what I'm trying to do is that you're gonna use that image, those images I sent to you as, like, guide. Now, I'm going to show you. An image right now in my message right here is the image you're gonna use. That is, like, the one I like best. You understand? I like the whole way it is structured, the way the, uh, the sidebar, like, you're seeing navigations at the side and all that stuff. Do you understand? So that one is not a landing page. As you can see, it is not a landing page. That one is, like, another page entirely. All right? That was-- That should be like, um, that should be something that appears in all other pages except the landing page. Do you get? So the landing page must be different from all of, all of them, but you must stick to one particular color. The second image here, it shows the color, the particular color I want for the application. Do you understand? And, um, everything else, you will notice it, the way the font is, the way the, uh, shape of their containers, the way the shape of div, the way the shape of DIVs are, uh, the buttons structure, the text, coloring, font most importantly, uh, alignments. Don't use gradients when you are doing... Don't use gradients for text. Don't do all of those things. Do you understand? And if you take a look at the icons they use, they use one particular icon for all those things. So make sure that green color that I have uploaded to you, the one I'm showing you right now, is the one you're gonna use for the overall website. You're not going to change anything. You're not going to add anything. You're not going to do anything else. You understand? That particular green color is what I want. It must be everywhere in the website. Every single place. Do you understand? You're gonna reduce the size, the size of this post tags and-- post the tags and browse tags button you created. They are too big. They're actually a nice idea when you did it, but right now they are looking too big and bogus. It doesn't really make it look professional. So you need to change all of that stuff. You understand? Edit every single part of the application, all the pages, every single page. Privacy, terms, cookies, about, every single thing that is on the platform, you change everything. Improve the interface of the, uh, improve the interface of the login page also. The login page, use a better design for the login page. Same thing applies to the get started page. Use a better design for them. Do you understand? The, uh, what's it called? The onboarding page too, use better designs. Do you understand? Follow the same. If you notice the image, if you look at the image very well, you will notice a particular type of design. Uh, I don't know what they call it. I don't know how to name it. That's why I'm-- I've been trying to, like, figure out how to name it for you. But there's a particular look and feel this particular image, uh, or interface or design, uh, idea, um, design template I just sent you on image. There's a particular feel and look and structure it has, and that's the particular one I want you to follow. Do you understand? I need you to follow that so everything looks professional and, like, like, looks professional like you hired a, uh, UI/UX designer to design it. Do you understand? So we need to make this perfect.

Use professional icons please, not these ones you are using. 

use these type of icons (check last image) also the coolicons icon set.