Okay, now, um, web piece. Right now, I want you to read all the files, all the functions, everything of these projects. It's a, it's a company, right? It's a marketplace, a platform, right? So I need you to read all the files, understand what it is, understand the functions, know what it is, what it's not, you know, right? Just read everything, understand, get a full detailed understanding, read all the file, read every single thing, you understand, and make sure the preview is, uh, showing, right? That's the first step. Now, the next part now, now I want you to, I'm turning this into a full application, right? So I want you, all I want you to do right now is, you're going to create the, you know when you open an application, it shows, first of all, it shows the logo of the application. Then after showing the logo, it shows the, you know, the landing page. That's the first page you see after the logo loads, right? And now I want everything to be done differently. Right now it's showing me, what it's showing is a web view. It's showing what is to be showing on a website, right? Now I want it to show what it will be showing on a half view, application view, right? Uh, the normal traditional application, if you open them, you know, they, definitely they look different from uh a website. You know that this is an application. Now that's the same exact thing I want you to do with this particular project. So we're gonna take your time, think about everything. You know, there's nothing like header or footer in applications. You really have buttons, you really have those things, right? So we're gonna make, redo everything. We're gonna make everything look very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very good. Right. That is the idea. Yeah, you want to make everything look very, very, very good. Right. So, um, Okay, so that is the thing. You're going to take, you have to take your time. Right, take your time to structure everything, you know. It must look, now the problem now is, I don't know, you understand, the thing about this application is, I am still in August, right? And that's why you need to prioritize that. You need to put that in your mind. Now, what I'm trying to say is, when you are loading a website, you get a different interface. When you're opening the particular same, this thing on an app, let's say for instance, Gmail now, when you open Gmail on a website, it shows different things from what it shows on your Gmail application, right? So I don't really know how it's going to work, how we're going to do it, that it's going to be showing two different interfaces when you load it on a website and when you load it on an application. But I want to prioritize the application. My concern is the application. Forget about the website. Right, my concern is the application. The application's view, the application interface, everything must look very, very, very, very good. Right. You take a look at the, you know, the landing page, what do you first see, you know, now coming into an application, you first of all see, you know, the first thing that I have seen a logo, or you have seen maybe like an animation, like an onboarding kind of thing, right, you know, right. Like, find the right app for you, you know, like maybe in a very nice animation style, which may be a short video underneath, not like a short video, like maybe just a small motion design, you know, motion stuff. And after the motion, it shows something like next in the bottom, like a button, right, you press next, then it shows. You know, that's the whole thing. It's just like a whole process. I don't know, I don't really know what I explained to you, but you're gonna be the ones to build this whole thing. So, um, yeah, it's just, you're gonna be the ones to build the whole thing. Okay, so you just have to make sure this is done properly. You understand? So, coming into an application, you're gonna see the first thing is either, you know, yeah, the first, I don't know what you call the landing page, but you first see the logo, right? You first see the logo and then you'd be like, just like I explained it, you understand what I'm trying to say. And then all the buttons should be properly arranged in a mobile manner, you understand, in a mobile manner. You're not gonna be having those uh drop down menus and stuff. If you're gonna look, if you're gonna be looking for menu or anything, you have to click like your profile and then the profile will now like bring the site uh uh sidelist, you know, that's where you see like settings, uh, pull stacks, and all those things like that. You understand what I'm saying? And also there will be like at the basis, you have icons. Like, if you look at uh X 3000 application now, you have the home button, you have the search icon, you have the grok icon, you have the notification icon, you have the messaging icon. All of them are at the bottom. You understand? So, uh, That was basically how we're gonna do ours, right? So this is the whole lot of work, so you need to, first of all, you know, get a whole detailed plan, understand the guidelines you're gonna be following, which example you're gonna be using, like you're gonna be like following a particular applications, uh, you know. Stop or you just, no, you have to be very, very, very diligent when you're doing this particular thing. So just take your time, do it well, and make sure it is done properly. It is only you that can do this, so that's why I'm giving this job. You don't have to do it straight to you one, do it properly. You'll be fine. All right?